Add implementation of the Data Mapper Compiler Plugin (#1)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-datamapper: README.md

# Ballerina Data Mapper Extension

> A compiler extension to extract an abstract representation of Ballerina connector actions and their associated types. When compiling a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina Data Mapper extension is a compiler extension, which extracts an abstract representation of Ballerina connector actions and the associated types. 
```

> Ballerina connector project this compiler extension gets executed. The extension generates two types of files by default. Note that 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This compiler extension gets executed when compiling a Ballerina connector project. The extension generates two types of files by default. Note that 
```

> these two types of files get automatically extracted from connectors hence developer does not need to write them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
these two types of files get automatically extracted from connectors. Hence, the developer does not need to write them.
```

## Functions File

> These files end with a file name ``<CLIENT_NAME>_functions.json`` where the `CLIENT_NAME` corresponds to the connector client name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are named as ``<CLIENT_NAME>_functions.json`` in which the `CLIENT_NAME` corresponds to the connector client name.
```

> When there are ``n`` clients exist in a connector, ``n``  number of functions files get created. Function files get created only if there 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are ``n`` number of clients existing in a connector, a ``n``  number of functions files will get created. Function files get created only if there 
```

are client objects with remote function calls. These files can be used to identify the list of connector actions available in a 
particular connector as well as to identify what types of records are used as input parameters and return types.

## Schema File

> These files end with a file name ``<RECORD_NAME>_schema.json`` where the `RECORD_NAME` corresponds to a record type defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These files are named as ``<RECORD_NAME>_schema.json`` in which the `RECORD_NAME` corresponds to a record type defined
```

within the connector module. In order for a schema file to be generated for a record type defined within a connector module, the
record has to be one of the following,
 
 1. An input parameter or a return type from a connector action.

>  2. A record type referred by a record which falls into the category (1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. A record type referred by a record, which falls into the first category.
```

>   In addition to the above two types of JSON file categories which gets automatically extracted from a connector by default, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition to the above two types of JSON file categories, which get automatically extracted from a connector by default, 
```

>   the connector developer can also specify sample data in files having file names `<RECORD_NAME>_data.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the connector developer can also specify sample data in the `<RECORD_NAME>_data.json` files.
```

  
  ## Data File
  Data files have to follow the structure given below.
  
```
{
    "<ORG_NAME>/<MODULE_NAME>:<VERSION_NUMBER>:<RECORD_NAME>": [
        <SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_1>,
        <SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_2>,
        <SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_3>,
        ...,
        <SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_N>
    ]
}
```

> The `<SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_i>` should have a structure as follows where the JSON 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_i>` should have a structure as follows in which the JSON 
```

> instance has `M` number of attributes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance has `M` number of attributes.
```

```
{
    "<ATTRIBUTE_NAME_1>" : "<ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_1>",
    "<ATTRIBUTE_NAME_2>" : "<ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_2>",
    "<ATTRIBUTE_NAME_3>" : "<ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_3>",
    ...,
    "<ATTRIBUTE_NAME_M>" : "<ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_M>"
}
```

An `<ATTRIBUTE_VALUE_j>` can be a simple literal (string/numeric value), 
`<SAMPLE_JSON_INSTANCE_j>`, an array, or `null`.

> Unlike functions files and schema files which automatically gets extracted, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike functions files and schema files, which automatically get extracted
```

> from the Ballerina Abstract Syntax Tree (AST), data files are user specified JSON files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the Ballerina Abstract Syntax Tree (AST), data files are user-specified JSON files. 
```

> Hence the Data Mapper compiler extension conducts a validation of the content of the data JSON files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, the Data Mapper compiler extension conducts a validation of the content of the data JSON files.
```

> The validation process checks whether the data json file's attribute names are equivalent to the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The validation process checks whether the data JSON file's attribute names are equivalent to the 
```

attribute names used in their corresponding types. Furthermore, it checks whether the same number 

> of attributes exists between the record type and its corresponding data JSON. In addition to these 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of attributes exist between the record type and its corresponding data JSON file. In addition to these 
```

validations, the compiler extension also extracts sample data nested within a particular data JSON 

> to separate top level data JSON files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to separate top-level data JSON files.
```

> The extracted json files get written to the resources directory within the connector module's 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extracted JSON files get written to the resources directory within the connector module's 
```

`src` folder. However, the functions and schema JSON files are not required to be committed to a

> Github repository since they get automatically generated from the connector's Ballerina code. However, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github repository since they get generated automatically from the connector's Ballerina code. However, 
```
